I hate Facebook. So for my assignment of doing 30 commits i am going to write about each time someone post something on facebook that they actually write that is their original words and not a repost of some stupid cat video. i feel like nobody posts about anything they do them selves anymore. so i guess i will mention each time someone actually does something interesting in their life. Of course people will remain anonymous and their stories generalised.

alright so for the first post someone posted about their daughter who is coming home from her mission in 2 months. See now THAT is a perfectly good thing to post on social media. i had to scroll through like 20 posts of "Now This" video reposts to get to it though... gosh i hate those things...

NO, a profile pic update does not count as on original post. someone else posted a picture of their graduation certificate from the U with a comment. thats great.

Comments on a random thing you find on the internet do not count either. I realise that my analysis may be flawed, but i dont care. this assignment is only about hte commits. anyway, someone talked about how they are at disneyland and they were asked their age to see if they were old enough to ride the ride becuase they were so short. even though they were 22. thats funny!

Somebody declared their love for their spouse on their aniversery. great thing to post.

A post about how cold it is.... alright.

someone posted a pic of the wiew of their classroom and talked about how they like the university they go to. LDSBC??

A friend of mine had a baby! cool.


my sister reminisces about a trip to St Lucia. Good job not regurgitating someone elses post, sis!

shoutout asking for help with Adobe InDesign. thats not a bad use of social media.

Direct Quote: "Dudes. I'd pay cash money for any information leading me to a churro right about now."

A friend out in the sticks posted about his dog who loves to run behind him in the truck even when its pouring rain, also had a picture of it. cute.

A guy posted a picture of him and his family playing settlers of catan along with a comment about a story from their game... its fine... i just kinda wish i picked a better topic to write updates about. I think every post kinda annoys me...

someones at a vocal point concert. yay.

a 21 year old now has a baby brother. thats impressive.

my roommate just complained about Utah drivers.

someone is saying skiing is purgatory but its not so bad... I must be missing something...

Ok, so somebody reposted a post of their OWN photography company! so I think that still technically counts! she says she loves photographing missionary homecomings. thats cool.

so someone just made a post asking if anyone wanted to go and see a particular movie. im not judging, but thats kinda just like shouting in the streets. I feel super judgemental now. and shallow. MAYBE THIS IS WHAT SOCIAL MEDIA DOES TO PEOPLE! 

The same dude just posted AGAIN about how cold it is! just another Random comment!

A Live stream, oh gosh... still counts, but,

An open invitation for some bball practice!! Faith in humainty restored!! 

guy loves babysitting his nephew with a picture. great
